# Project Title:
todoList

#### Video Demo:
https://youtu.be/Ufrb4q6sMas

#### Description:
Introduction

As someone who has completed learning Python, I was curious to see
how I could use my newfound knowledge to write a to-do list
application in C programming language. The purpose of this project is
to enhance my understanding of C programming and to better understand
why Python is known for its ease and speed of development. This
project gave me the opportunity to explore the differences and
similarities between the two languages, and to deepen my
understanding of how to develop software applications.

Features

The to-do list application that I developed using C programming
language has five main features, including adding, displaying
editing, deleting, and exiting to-do items. These functions were
implemented using C programming language and allow the user to easily
manage their to-do list. The application takes input from the user
and performs the corresponding function on the to-do list. This
application offers a simple and effective way for users to manage
their daily tasks and stay organized.

Database

To store all to-do items, I have added a todo.txt file in the
directory. This file serves as the database for the application and
stores all the to-do items. The application reads from and writes to
this file to maintain the list of to-do items. This file can be
easily edited by the user outside of the application if they wish to
modify the list of to-do items. The use of a text file as a database
in this application highlights the versatility of C programming
language and its ability to work with different types of data sources.

Project Structure

The project structure consists of four main files, README.md, todo
txt, todolist, and todolist.c. The README.md file contains a
description of the project and how to use the application. The todo
txt file serves as the database for the application and stores all
the to-do items. The todolist file is the compiled C program that can
be executed to run the application. Finally, the todolist.c file
contains the C source code for the to-do list application. This
project structure highlights the importance of organizing code and
files in a structured way, which is an essential practice for
software development.

Challenges and Lessons Learned

During the development of this project, I faced several challenges
related to C programming language. The language is more complex and
requires more code to perform simple operations compared to Python.
However, I also gained a deeper understanding of how the C
programming language works and how it can be used to develop
applications. I also learned why Python is widely accepted and
recognized as a language that can be developed in a fun and easy way,
while also having good readability and ease of use. This project
helped me appreciate the value of programming languages and how they
can be used to create useful applications for users.

Conclusion

In conclusion, this project has helped me develop a better
understanding of C programming and how it can be used to develop
applications. It has also allowed me to gain a deeper appreciation of
Python and its ease of use. This project was a valuable learning
experience that allowed me to explore the differences and
similarities between C programming language and Python. Regardless of
your purpose, this application is a fun and useful learning tool, and
I hope it inspires you to explore the world of C programming.

This is CS50!